.TH LLREPO 1 "29 January, 2008" "LightLang 0.8.5" "USER COMMANDS"

.SH NAME
.B LLREPO
\- LightLang repository manager

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B llrepo
.B [remotelist dicts]
.B [remotelist sounds]
.B [install dicts file1 file2 fileN]
.B [install sounds file1 file2 fileN]
.B [locallist dicts]
.B [locallist sounds]
.B [install dicts file1 file2 fileN]
.B [install sounds file1 file2 fileN]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B LLRepo
\- LightLang repository manager, which is used for installing various addons for LightLang package

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B remotelist dicts
Used for browsing available dictionaries in the repository.
.TP
.B remotelist sounds
Used for browsing available sounds in the repository.
.TP
.B install dicts file1 file2 fileN
Used for installing dictionaries from the repository. Last parameters are the names of the resources got from the above commands.
.TP
.B install sounds file1 file2 fileN
Used for installing sounds from the repository. Last parameters are the names of the resources got from the above commands.
.TP

.B locallist dicts
Used for browsing installed dictionaries.
.TP
.B localist sounds
Used for browsing installed sounds.
.TP
.B remove dicts file1 file2 fileN
Used for removing installed dictionaries.
.TP
.B remove sounds file1 file2 fileN
Used for removing installed sounds.

.SH HELP OPTIONS
.TP
.B help
Displays short help.
.TP
.B version
Displays program version.

.SH BUGS
There aren't any :-)
.br
If you'll find a bug, please, inform us about it using our feedback e-mail
.IR bugtrack@lightlang.org.ru.
Describe your bug clearly, adding the description of conditions when the bug appeared and your actions.

.SH ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
The author of this program and of all the rest in the LightLang package \- Devaev Maxim.
.br
Thanks to my loved Elisabeth! I wouldn't have finished this program if she doesn't inspire me.
.TP
Assistants:
Vladimir Fomkin
.br
Tihonov Sergey
.br
Renat Nasyrov
.br
Du Vinh
.br
Aleksey Yum
.br
Olga Polyakova
.br
Vitaly Lipatov
.TP
Translator:
Kirill Nebogin

.SH INTERNET FEEDBACK
.IR mdevaev@gmail.com
\- The Developer (only for private letters).
.br
.IR developers@lightlang.org.ru
\- For offers.
.br
.IR bugtrack@lightlang.org.ru
\- For bug reports.
.br
.IR http://lightlang.org.ru
\- Project's homepage.
.br

.SH TERMS OF DISTRIBUTION
LLRepo \- LightLang repository manager
.br
Copyright (C) 2007-2016 Devaev Maxim
.PP
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License
as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2
of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.PP
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
.PP
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301, USA.
